https://srikantmahapatra.wordpress.com/2013/11/07/ruby-on-rails-interview-questions-and-answers/
http://www.toptal.com/ruby-on-rails
1.       Different types of associations

2.       How to implement HABTM

3.       Difference between HABTM and Has Many through

4.       Abstraction, Inheritance and Encapsulation

5.       How we use a ‘send’ method to call a method

6.       How we use ‘constantize’ method to call a method.




Basic Ruby:



1.       String Interpolation, What is a module ? Class? Difference ?

2.       Difference between a module and a class?

3.       How do you call a class method when you have the name of
class and name of method as strings?

4.       How do you declare a class method in ruby?

5.       Difference between a proc, lambda and a block?

6.       When is a db call method when u add a scope and loop in a view?

7.       How do you write a where clause which takes an array and
checks for an attribute to be present in that array.

8.       Named scope?

9.       What is eager loading, how do we achieve it?

10.   If a student model has one Address(model), We are looping
through students on index view, how many queries will it make?

11.   What is returned when we apply any scope/where on a model? (Ex.
Student.active where active is name of scope)





Intermediate Ruby:

1.       In how many ways can we include a module into a Model and
what will be the difference between those two?



Jquery:

2.       How do you insert a link into a div using jquery?

3.       Difference between bind, live, chaining?

4.       Things we pass to an AJAX call

5.       How do you make an ajax call to a rails action ?  ( Say, I
need to refresh a table contianing list of names using an AJAX, I will
filter based upon some field date )

6.       Difference between "this" and $(this)

7.       Difference between remove() and detach()

8.       How do you remove a element from a DOM?

9.       When do you go for GET and when do you go for POST?



Scenario Based Questions

1.       What are the things that happen when a user goes to index
page of say students which list all students.

2.       How do we add a search bar on an index page?
